Update google.markdown (#21205)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/google.markdown

'oauth2client.client.HttpAccessTokenRefreshError: deleted_client: The OAuth client was deleted'

> In case you get an `Authentication code expired, please restart Home-Assistant and try again` error message, switch your timezone to `Etc/GMT` and restart HomeAssistant. This should fix the issue and the `google_calendars.yaml` configuration file will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you get an `Authentication code expired, please restart Home-Assistant and try again` error message, switch your timezone to `Etc/GMT` and restart Home Assistant. This should fix the issue and the `google_calendars.yaml` configuration file will be created.
```

> You can then switch back the timezone to yours and restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then switch back the timezone to your original one and restart Home Assistant again.
```
